Title: Buckets overview - Amazon Simple Storage Service

To upload your data (photos, videos, documents, etc.) to Amazon S3, you must first create an S3
		bucket in one of the AWS Regions. 
There are two types of Amazon S3 buckets, general purpose buckets and directory buckets. Choose
		the bucket type that best fits your application and performance requirements:
General purpose buckets are the original S3
				bucket type and are recommended for most use cases and access patterns. General
				purpose buckets also allow objects that are stored across all storage classes,
				except S3 Express One Zone.
Directory buckets use the S3 Express One Zone storage
				class, which is recommended if your application is performance sensitive and
				benefits from single-digit millisecond PUT and GET
				latencies, see S3 Express One Zone and Working with directory buckets.
The following sections provide more information about general purpose buckets, including bucket
		naming rules, quotas, and bucket configuration details. For a list of restriction and
		limitations related to Amazon S3 buckets see, Bucket quotas, limitations, and restrictions.
A general purpose bucket is a container for objects stored in Amazon S3. You can store any number of
				objects in a bucket and all accounts have a default bucket quota of 10,000 general purpose buckets. To see your bucket utilization, bucket quota, or request an
				increase to this quota, visit the Service Quotas
				console.
General purpose bucket quotas for commercial Regions can only be viewed and managed
					from US East (N. Virginia).
General purpose bucket quotas for AWS GovCloud (US) can only be viewed and managed from
					AWS GovCloud (US-West).
Every object is contained in a bucket. For example, if the object named
					photos/puppy.jpg is stored in the
					amzn-s3-demo-bucket bucket in the US West (Oregon)
				Region, then it is addressable by using the URL
					https://amzn-s3-demo-bucket.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/photos/puppy.jpg.
				For more information, see Accessing a
					Bucket. 
In terms of implementation, buckets and objects are AWS resources, and Amazon S3 provides
		APIs for you to manage them. For example, you can create a bucket and upload objects using
		the Amazon S3 API. You can also use the Amazon S3 console to perform these operations. The console
		uses the Amazon S3 APIs to send requests to Amazon S3. 
This section describes how to work with buckets. For information about working with
		objects, see Amazon S3 objects overview.
 Amazon S3 supports global buckets, which means that each bucket name must be unique across all
		AWS accounts in all the AWS Regions within a partition. A partition is a grouping of
		Regions. AWS currently has three partitions: aws (Standard Regions),
			aws-cn (China Regions), and aws-us-gov (AWS GovCloud (US)). 
After a bucket is created, the name of that bucket cannot be used by another AWS account
		in the same partition until the bucket is deleted. You should not depend on specific bucket
		naming conventions for availability or security verification purposes. For bucket naming
		guidelines, see General purpose bucket naming rules.
Amazon S3 creates buckets in a Region that you specify. To reduce latency, minimize costs, or
		address regulatory requirements, choose any AWS Region that is geographically close to
		you. For example, if you reside in Europe, you might find it advantageous to create buckets
		in the Europe (Ireland) or Europe (Frankfurt) Regions. For a list of Amazon S3 Regions, see
			Regions and
			Endpoints in the AWS General Reference.
Objects that belong to a bucket that you create in a specific AWS Region never leave
			that Region, unless you explicitly transfer them to another Region. For example, objects
			that are stored in the Europe (Ireland) Region never leave it. 
When you build applications on Amazon S3, you can use unique general purpose buckets to separate
			different datasets or workloads. Depending on your use case, there are different design
			patterns and best practices for using buckets. For more information, see Common bucket patterns for building applications on
            Amazon S3.
You can use your AWS account root user credentials to create a bucket and perform any other Amazon S3
			operation. However, we recommend that you do not use the root user credentials of your
			AWS account to make requests, such as to create a bucket. Instead, create an AWS Identity and Access Management
			(IAM) user, and grant that user full access (users by default have no permissions). 
These users are referred to as administrators. You
			can use the administrator user credentials, instead of the root user credentials of your
			account, to interact with AWS and perform tasks, such as create a bucket, create
			users, and grant them permissions. 
For more information, see AWS account root user
				credentials and IAM user credentials in the AWS
				General Reference and Security best practices in IAM in the
				IAM User Guide.
The AWS account that creates a resource owns that resource. For example, if you
			create an IAM user in your AWS account and grant the user permission to create a
			bucket, the user can create a bucket. But the user does not own the bucket; the
			AWS account that the user belongs to owns the bucket. The user needs additional
			permission from the resource owner to perform any other bucket operations. For more
			information about managing permissions for your Amazon S3 resources, see Identity and Access Management for Amazon S3.
Public access is granted to buckets and objects through bucket policies, access
			control lists (ACLs), or both. To help you manage public access to Amazon S3 resources, Amazon S3
			provides settings to block public access. Amazon S3 Block Public Access settings can override
			ACLs and bucket policies so that you can enforce uniform limits on public access to
			these resources. You can apply Block Public Access settings to individual buckets or to
			all buckets in your account.
To ensure that all of your Amazon S3 buckets and objects have their public access blocked,
			all four settings for Block Public Access are enabled by default when you create a new
			bucket. We recommend that you turn on all four settings for Block Public Access for your
			account too. These settings block all public access for all current and future
			buckets.
Before applying these settings, verify that your applications will work correctly
			without public access. If you require some level of public access to your buckets or
			objects—for example, to host a static website, as described at Hosting a static website using Amazon S3—you can customize
			the individual settings to suit your storage use cases. For more information, see Blocking public access to your Amazon S3
			storage.
 However, we highly recommend keeping Block Public Access enabled. If you want to keep
			all four Block Public Access settings enabled and host a static website, you can use
			Amazon CloudFront origin access control (OAC). Amazon CloudFront provides the capabilities required to set
			up a secure static website. Amazon S3 static websites support only HTTP endpoints. Amazon CloudFront
			uses the durable storage of Amazon S3 while providing additional security headers, such as
			HTTPS. HTTPS adds security by encrypting a normal HTTP request and protecting against
			common cyberattacks. 
For more information, see Getting started with a secure static website in the Amazon CloudFront Developer Guide.
If you see an Error when you list your buckets and their public
				access settings, you might not have the required permissions. Make sure that you
				have the following permissions added to your user or role policy:
In some rare cases, requests can also fail because of an AWS Region
				outage.
Amazon S3 supports various options for you to configure your bucket. For example, you can
			configure your bucket for website hosting, add a configuration to manage the lifecycle
			of objects in the bucket, and configure the bucket to log all access to the bucket. Amazon S3
			supports subresources for you to store and manage the bucket configuration information.
			You can use the Amazon S3 API to create and manage these subresources. However, you can also
			use the console or the AWS SDKs. 
There are also object-level configurations. For example, you can configure
				object-level permissions by configuring an access control list (ACL) specific to
				that object.
These are referred to as subresources because they exist in the context of a specific
			bucket or object. The following table lists subresources that enable you to manage
			bucket-specific configurations. 

cors (cross-origin resource sharing) 
 You can configure your bucket to allow cross-origin
								requests.
For more information, see Using cross-origin resource sharing (CORS).

event notification

You can enable your bucket to send you notifications of specified
								bucket events. 
For more information, see Amazon S3 Event Notifications.
You can define lifecycle rules for objects in your bucket that
								have a well-defined lifecycle. For example, you can define a rule to
								archive objects one year after creation, or delete an object 10
								years after creation. 
For more information, see Managing the lifecycle of objects. 

location

 When you create a bucket, you specify the AWS Region where you
								want Amazon S3 to create the bucket. Amazon S3 stores this information in the
								location subresource and provides an API for you to retrieve this
								information. 

logging

Logging enables you to track requests for access to your bucket.
								Each access log record provides details about a single access
								request, such as the requester, bucket name, request time, request
								action, response status, and error code, if any. Access log
								information can be useful in security and access audits. It can also
								help you learn about your customer base and understand your Amazon S3
								bill.  
For more information, see Logging requests with server access logging. 

object locking

To use S3 Object Lock, you must enable it for a bucket. You can
								also optionally configure a default retention mode and period that
								applies to new objects that are placed in the bucket. 
For more information, see Locking objects with Object Lock. 

policy and ACL (access
								control list) 
All your resources (such as buckets and objects) are private by
								default. Amazon S3 supports both bucket policy and access control list
								(ACL) options for you to grant and manage bucket-level permissions.
								Amazon S3 stores the permission information in the
									policy and acl
								subresources.
For more information, see Identity and Access Management for Amazon S3.

replication

Replication is the automatic, asynchronous copying of objects
								across buckets in different or the same AWS Regions. For more
								information, see Replicating objects within and across Regions.

requestPayment

By default, the AWS account that creates the bucket (the bucket
								owner) pays for downloads from the bucket. Using this subresource,
								the bucket owner can specify that the person requesting the download
								will be charged for the download. Amazon S3 provides an API for you to
								manage this subresource.
For more information, see Using Requester Pays buckets for storage
            transfers and usage.

tagging

You can add cost allocation tags to your bucket to categorize and
								track your AWS costs. Amazon S3 provides the
									tagging subresource to store and manage
								tags on a bucket. Using tags you apply to your bucket, AWS
								generates a cost allocation report with usage and costs aggregated
								by your tags. 
For more information, see Billing and usage reporting for Amazon S3. 

transfer acceleration

Transfer Acceleration enables fast, easy, and secure transfers of files
								over long distances between your client and an S3 bucket.
								Transfer Acceleration takes advantage of the globally distributed edge
								locations of Amazon CloudFront.
For more information, see Configuring fast, secure file transfers using
      Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration.
Versioning helps you recover accidental overwrites and deletes. 
We recommend versioning as a best practice to recover objects from
								being deleted or overwritten by mistake. 
For more information, see Retaining multiple versions of objects with S3 Versioning.
You can configure your bucket for static website hosting. Amazon S3
								stores this configuration by creating a website
								subresource.
For more information, see Hosting a static website using Amazon S3. 
The high availability engineering of Amazon S3 is focused on get, put, list, and delete operations. Because
			bucket operations work against a centralized, global resource space, we recommend that you 
			don't create, delete, or configure buckets on the high availability code path
			of your application. It's better to create, delete, or configure buckets in a separate
			initialization or setup routine that you run less often. 
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

