Title: Configuring and using Mountpoint - Amazon Simple Storage Service

To use Mountpoint for Amazon S3, your host needs valid AWS credentials with access to the bucket or
      buckets that you would like to mount. For different ways to authenticate, see
      Mountpoint AWS Credentials on GitHub. 
For example, you can create a new AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user and role for this purpose. Make
      sure that this role has access to the bucket or buckets that you would like to mount. You can
        pass the
        IAM role to your Amazon EC2 instance with an instance profile. 
Use Mountpoint for Amazon S3 to do the following:
Mount buckets with the mount-s3 command. 
In the following example, replace
                amzn-s3-demo-bucket with the name of your S3
            bucket, and replace ~/mnt with the directory on
            your host where you want your S3 bucket to be mounted.
Because the Mountpoint client runs in the background by default, the
                ~/mnt directory now gives you access to the
            objects in your S3 bucket.
Access the objects in your bucket through Mountpoint.
After you mount your bucket locally, you can use common Linux
            commands, such as cat or ls, to work with your S3 objects.
            Mountpoint for Amazon S3 interprets keys in your S3 bucket as file system paths by splitting them on
            the forward slash (/) character. For example, if you have the object key
              Data/2023-01-01.csv in your bucket, you will have a directory named
              Data in your Mountpoint file system, with a file named
              2023-01-01.csv inside it. 
Mountpoint for Amazon S3 intentionally does not implement the full POSIX standard specification for
            file systems. Mountpoint is optimized for workloads that need high-throughput
            read and write access to data stored in Amazon S3 through a file system interface, but that
            otherwise do not rely on file system features. For more information, see Mountpoint for Amazon S3
              file
              system behavior on GitHub. Customers that need richer file
            system semantics should consider other AWS file services, such as Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)  or Amazon FSx.

Unmount your bucket by using the umount command. This command unmounts
            your S3 bucket and exits Mountpoint. 
To use the following example command, replace
              ~/mnt with the directory on your host where
            your S3 bucket is mounted.
To get a list of options for this command, run umount --help.
For additional Mountpoint configuration details, see S3 bucket configuration, and file system configuration on GitHub.
Mountpoint for Amazon S3 supports different types of data caching. To accelerate repeated read
        requests, you can opt in to the following: 
Local cache – You can use a local cache in
            your Amazon EC2 instance storage or an Amazon Elastic Block Store volume. If you repeatedly read the same data
            from the same compute instance and if you have unused space in your local instance
            storage for the repeatedly read dataset, you should opt in to a local cache. 
Shared cache – You can use a shared cache on
            S3 Express One Zone. If you repeatedly read small objects from multiple compute instances or if
            you do not know the size of your repeatedly read dataset and want to benefit from
            elasticity of cache size, you should opt in to the shared cache. Once you opt in,
            Mountpoint retains objects with sizes up to one megabyte in a directory bucket
            that uses S3 Express One Zone. 
Combined local and shared cache – If you
            have unused space in your local cache but also want a shared cache across multiple
            instances, you can opt in to both a local cache and shared cache. 
Caching in Mountpoint is ideal for use cases where you repeatedly read the same
        data that doesn’t change during the multiple reads. For example, you can use caching with
        machine learning training jobs that need to read a training dataset multiple times to
        improve model accuracy.
For more information about how to configure caching in Mountpoint, see the
        following examples.
You can opt in to a local cache with the --cache
              CACHE_PATH flag. In the following example, replace
              CACHE_PATH with the filepath to the directory
          that you want to cache your data in. Replace
            amzn-s3-demo-bucket with the name of your S3
          bucket, and replace ~/mnt with the directory on
          your host where you want your S3 bucket to be mounted.
When you opt in to local caching while mounting an S3 bucket, Mountpoint creates an
          empty sub-directory at the configured cache location, if that sub-directory doesn’t
          already exist. When you first mount a bucket and when you unmount, Mountpoint deletes the
          contents of the local cache.
If you enable local caching, Mountpoint will persist unencrypted object
            content from your mounted S3 bucket at the local cache location provided at mount. In
            order to protect your data, you should restrict access to the data cache location by
            using file system access control mechanisms.
If you repeatedly read small objects (up to 1 MB) from multiple compute instances or
          the size of the dataset that you repeatedly read often exceeds the size of your local
          cache, you should use a shared cache in S3 Express One Zone. When you read the same
          data repeatedly from multiple instances, this improves latency by avoiding redundant
          requests to your mounted S3 bucket. 
Once you opt in to the shared cache, you pay for the data cached in your
          directory bucket in S3 Express One Zone. You also pay for requests made against your data in the
          directory bucket in S3 Express One Zone. For more information, see Amazon S3 pricing. Mountpoint never deletes cached objects
          from directory buckets. To manage your storage costs, you should set up a Lifecycle
            policy on your directory bucket so that Amazon S3 expires the cached data in
          S3 Express One Zone after a period of time that you specify. For more information, see Mountpoint for Amazon S3 caching configuration on GitHub.
To opt in to caching in S3 Express One Zone when you mount a general purpose bucket to your compute
          instance, use the --cache-xz flag and specify a directory bucket as your
          cache location. In the following example, replace the user input
            placeholders.
If you have unused space on your instance but you also want to use a shared cache
          across multiple instances, you can opt in to both a local cache and shared cache. With
          this caching configuration, you can avoid redundant read requests from the same instance
          to the shared cache in directory bucket when the required data is cached in local
          storage. This can reduce request costs and improve performance.
 To opt in to both a local cache and shared cache when you mount an S3 bucket, you
          specify both cache locations by using the --cache and --cache-xz
          flags. To use the following example to opt into both a local and shared cache, replace the
            user input placeholders.
For more information, Mountpoint for Amazon S3 caching configuration on GitHub. 
If you enable shared caching, Mountpoint will copy object content from your
            mounted S3 bucket into the S3 directory bucket that you provide as your shared cache
            location, making it accessible to any caller with access to the S3 directory bucket. To
            protect your cached data, you should follow the Security best practices for Amazon S3 to ensure that your buckets use the correct
            policies and are not publicly accessible. You should use a directory bucket dedicated
            to Mountpoint shared caching and grant access only to Mountpoint
            clients.
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

