Title: Creating a bucket - Amazon Simple Storage Service

To upload your data to Amazon S3, you must first create an Amazon S3 bucket in one of the
        AWS Regions. The AWS account that creates the bucket owns it. When you create a bucket, you must choose a bucket name and Region. You can
        optionally choose other storage management options for the bucket. After you create a
        bucket, you cannot change the bucket name or Region. For information about naming buckets,
        see General purpose bucket naming rules.

By default, you can create up to 10,000 general purpose buckets
            per AWS account. To request a quota increase for general purpose buckets,
            visit the Service Quotas
                console. 
You can store any number of objects in a bucket. For a list of restriction and limitations
        related to Amazon S3 buckets see, Bucket quotas, limitations, and restrictions.
 S3 Object Ownership is an Amazon S3 bucket-level setting that you can use both to control 
    ownership of objects that are uploaded to your bucket and to disable or enable access control lists (ACLs). By default, 
    Object Ownership is set to the Bucket owner enforced setting, and all ACLs are disabled. With ACLs disabled, the bucket owner 
    owns every object in the bucket and manages access to data exclusively by using policies.
 For more information, see Controlling ownership of objects and disabling ACLs
			for your bucket.
Server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys (SSE-S3) 
        is the base level of encryption configuration for every bucket in Amazon S3. All new objects uploaded to an S3 bucket 
are automatically encrypted with SSE-S3 as the base level of encryption setting. If you want to use a different type of default encryption, you can also specify server-side encryption with AWS Key Management Service
    (AWS KMS) keys (SSE-KMS) or customer-provided keys (SSE-C) to encrypt your data. 
For more information, see Setting default server-side encryption behavior for Amazon S3
      buckets.
You can use the Amazon S3 console, Amazon S3 APIs, AWS CLI, or AWS SDKs to create a bucket. For more
        information about the permissions required to create a bucket, see CreateBucket in the Amazon Simple Storage Service API Reference.
Sign in to the AWS Management Console and open the Amazon S3 console at
         https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/.
In the navigation bar on the top of the page, choose the name of the currently displayed AWS Region. Next, choose the Region in which you want to create a bucket. 
    
To minimize latency and costs and address regulatory requirements, choose a Region
        close to you. Objects stored in a Region never leave that Region unless you explicitly
        transfer them to another Region. For a list of Amazon S3 AWS Regions, see AWS service endpoints in the
        Amazon Web Services General Reference.
In the left navigation pane, choose Buckets.
Choose Create bucket.
The Create bucket page opens.
Under General configuration, view the AWS Region where your bucket will be created. 
 Under Bucket type, choose General purpose.
For Bucket name, enter a name for your bucket.
The bucket name must:
Be unique within a partition. A partition is a grouping of Regions. AWS
                    currently has three partitions: aws (Standard Regions),
                        aws-cn (China Regions), and aws-us-gov
                    (AWS GovCloud (US) Regions).
Be between 3 and 63 characters long.
Consist only of lowercase letters, numbers, dots (.), and hyphens (-). For
                    best compatibility, we recommend that you avoid using dots (.) in bucket names,
                    except for buckets that are used only for static website hosting.
Begin and end with a letter or number.
After you create the bucket, you cannot change its name. The AWS account that creates the bucket owns it. For more information about
            naming buckets, see General purpose bucket naming rules. 
Avoid including sensitive information, such as account numbers, in the bucket
                name. The bucket name is visible in the URLs that point to the objects in the
                bucket.
AWS Management Console allows you to copy an existing bucket's settings to your new bucket. If you do not want to copy the settings of an existing bucket, skip to the next step.
This option:
Is not available in the AWS CLI and is only available in console
Is not available for directory buckets
Does not copy the bucket policy from the existing bucket to the new bucket
 To copy an existing bucket's settings, under Copy settings from existing bucket, select Choose bucket. The Choose bucket window opens. Find the bucket with the settings that you would like to copy, and select Choose bucket. The Choose bucket window closes, and the Create bucket window re-opens.
Under Copy settings from existing bucket, you will now see the name of the bucket you selected. You will also see a Restore defaults option that you can use to remove the copied bucket settings. Review the remaining bucket settings, on the Create bucket page. You will see that they now match the settings of the bucket that you selected. You can skip to the final step. 
Under Object Ownership, to disable or enable ACLs and control
            ownership of objects uploaded in your bucket, choose one of the following
            settings:
 Bucket owner enforced (default) – 
	ACLs are disabled, and the bucket owner automatically owns and has full control over every object in the bucket. ACLs 
	no longer affect access permissions to data in the S3 bucket. The bucket uses policies exclusively to define access control.
By default, ACLs are disabled. A majority of modern use cases in Amazon S3 no
                    longer require the use of ACLs. We recommend that you keep ACLs disabled, except
                    in unusual circumstances where you must control access for each object
                    individually. For more information, see Controlling ownership of objects and disabling ACLs
			for your bucket.
Bucket owner preferred – The bucket owner owns and
                    has full control over new objects that other accounts write to the bucket with
                    the bucket-owner-full-control canned ACL. 
If you apply the Bucket owner preferred setting, to
                    require all Amazon S3 uploads to include the bucket-owner-full-control
                    canned ACL, you can add a
                        bucket policy that allows only object uploads that use this
                    ACL.
Object writer – The AWS account that uploads an
                    object owns the object, has full control over it, and can grant other users
                    access to it through ACLs.
The default setting is Bucket owner enforced. To apply the
                default setting and keep ACLs disabled, only the s3:CreateBucket
                permission is needed. To enable ACLs, you must have the
                    s3:PutBucketOwnershipControls permission.
Under Block Public Access settings for this bucket, choose the
            Block Public Access settings that you want to apply to the bucket. 
By default, all four Block Public Access settings are enabled. We recommend that you
            keep all settings enabled, unless you know that you need to turn off one or more of them
            for your specific use case. For more information about blocking public access, see Blocking public access to your Amazon S3
			storage.
To enable all Block Public Access settings, only the s3:CreateBucket permission
                is required. To turn off any Block Public Access settings, you must have the
                    s3:PutBucketPublicAccessBlock permission.
(Optional) Under Bucket Versioning, you can choose if you wish to keep
            variants of objects in your bucket. For more information about versioning,
            see Retaining multiple versions of objects with S3 Versioning.
To disable or enable versioning on your
            bucket, choose either Disable or Enable.
(Optional) Under Tags, you can choose to add tags to your bucket.
                Tags are key-value pairs used to categorize storage.
To add a bucket tag, enter a Key and optionally a
                Value and choose Add Tag.
Under Default encryption, choose
            Edit.
To configure default encryption, under Encryption type,
            choose one of the following: 
Amazon S3 managed key (SSE-S3)
AWS Key Management Service key (SSE-KMS)
If you use the SSE-KMS option for your default encryption configuration, you are
                  subject to the requests per second (RPS) quota of AWS KMS. For more information
                  about AWS KMS quotas and how to request a quota increase, see Quotas in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.
Buckets and new objects are encrypted with server-side encryption with an Amazon S3 managed key as the base level of encryption configuration. For more 
          information about default encryption, see Setting default server-side encryption behavior for Amazon S3
      buckets.
For more information about using Amazon S3 server-side encryption to encrypt your data,
            see Using server-side encryption with Amazon S3 managed keys
			(SSE-S3).
If you chose AWS Key Management Service key (SSE-KMS), do the following:
Under AWS KMS key, specify your KMS key in one of the following ways:
To choose from a list of available KMS keys, choose Choose from
                      your AWS KMS keys, and choose your
                      KMS key from the list of available keys.
Both the AWS managed key (aws/s3) and your customer managed keys appear in this
                    list. For more information about customer managed keys, see Customer keys and
                      AWS keys in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.
To enter the KMS key ARN, choose Enter AWS KMS key
                      ARN, and enter your KMS key ARN in the field that appears.
                  
To create a new customer managed key in the AWS KMS console, choose Create a
                      KMS key.
For more information about creating an AWS KMS key, see Creating keys in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.
You can use only KMS keys that are available in the same AWS Region as the
                    bucket. The Amazon S3 console lists only the first 100 KMS keys in the same Region as the bucket.
          To use a KMS key that is not listed, you must enter your KMS key ARN. If you want to use
          a KMS key that is owned by a different account, you must first have permission to use the
          key and then you must enter the KMS key ARN. For more information on cross account permissions for KMS keys, see Creating KMS keys that other accounts can use in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide. For more information on SSE-KMS, see Specifying server-side encryption with AWS KMS
      (SSE-KMS).
When you use an AWS KMS key for server-side encryption in Amazon S3, you must
                  choose a symmetric encryption KMS key. Amazon S3 supports only symmetric encryption KMS keys and not
                  asymmetric KMS keys. For more information, see Identifying symmetric and
            asymmetric KMS keys in the AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide.
For more information about creating an AWS KMS key, see Creating keys in the
                  AWS Key Management Service Developer Guide. For more information about using AWS KMS with
                Amazon S3, see Using server-side encryption with AWS KMS keys
            (SSE-KMS).
When you configure your bucket to use default encryption with SSE-KMS, you can also
                enable S3 Bucket Keys. S3 Bucket Keys lower the cost of encryption by decreasing request traffic from 
                Amazon S3 to AWS KMS. For more information, see Reducing the cost of SSE-KMS with Amazon S3 Bucket Keys.
To use S3 Bucket Keys, under Bucket Key, choose
                Enable.
(Optional) If you want to enable S3 Object Lock, do the
            following:
Choose Advanced settings.
Enabling Object Lock also enables versioning for
                        the bucket. After enabling you must configure the Object Lock default
                        retention and legal hold settings to protect new objects from being deleted
                        or overwritten.
If you want to enable Object Lock, choose
                    Enable, read the warning that appears, and acknowledge it.
For more information, see Locking objects with Object Lock.
To create an Object Lock enabled bucket, you must have the following permissions: s3:CreateBucket, s3:PutBucketVersioning and s3:PutBucketObjectLockConfiguration.
Choose Create bucket.
When you use the AWS SDKs to create a bucket, you must create a client and then
                use the client to send a request to create a bucket. As a best practice, you should
                create your client and bucket in the same AWS Region. If you don't specify a
                Region when you create a client or a bucket, Amazon S3 uses the default Region,
                US East (N. Virginia). If you want to constrain the bucket creation to a specific
                AWS Region, use the LocationConstraint condition key.
To create a client to access a dual-stack endpoint, you must specify an
                AWS Region. For more information, see Using Amazon S3 dual-stack endpoints
                 in the Amazon S3 API Reference
                . For a list of
                available AWS Regions, see Regions and endpoints in the
                    AWS General Reference. 
When you create a client, the Region maps to the Region-specific endpoint. The
                client uses this endpoint to communicate with Amazon S3:
                        s3.region.amazonaws.com. If your
                Region launched after March 20, 2019, your client and bucket must be in the same
                Region. However, you can use a client in the US East (N. Virginia) Region to create a bucket in
                any Region that launched before March 20, 2019. For more information, see Legacy endpoints.
These AWS SDK code examples perform the following tasks:
Create a client by explicitly specifying an
                            AWS Region – In the example, the client uses the
                            s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com endpoint to communicate with
                        Amazon S3. You can specify any AWS Region. For a list of AWS Regions, see
                            Regions and
                            endpoints in the AWS General Reference.
                    
Send a create bucket request by specifying only a
                            bucket name – The client sends a request to Amazon S3 to
                        create the bucket in the Region where you created a client. 
Retrieve information about the location of the
                            bucket – Amazon S3 stores bucket location information in
                        the location subresource that is associated with the
                        bucket.
The following example shows you how to create a bucket with a GUID at the end
                            of the bucket name in US East (N. Virginia) Region (us-east-1;) by using the
                            AWS SDK for Java. For information about other AWS SDKs, see Tools to Build on AWS.
This example shows you how to create an Amazon S3 bucket using the AWS SDK for Java.
                            For instructions on creating and testing a working sample, see Getting
                                Started in the AWS SDK for Java Developer Guide.
For information about how to create and test a working sample, see
                                AWS
                                SDK for .NET Version 3 API Reference.
For information about how to create and test a working sample, see
                                AWS SDK for
                                Ruby - Version 3.
The following AWS CLI example creates a bucket in the US West (N. California) Region
                        (us-west-1) Region with an example bucket name that uses a globally
                        unique identifier (GUID).
For more
                information, see create-bucket in the AWS CLI Command Reference.
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

