Title: Metadata table limitations and restrictions - Amazon Simple Storage Service

The S3 Metadata feature is in preview release for Amazon S3 and is subject to change.
Before creating a metadata table configuration, be aware of the following limitations and
      restrictions: 
S3 Metadata is currently available only in the US East (N. Virginia), US East (Ohio),
          and US West (Oregon) Regions.
S3 Metadata supports all storage classes, except for the following:
The S3 Express One Zone storage class
The S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA; Z-IA) storage class in directory buckets in Local Zones
For the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class, the specific tier isn't shown in the
            metadata table.
To create a metadata table configuration, you must create or specify an S3 table
          bucket to store your metadata table in. This table bucket must be in the same AWS Region
          and AWS account as your general purpose bucket.
S3 Metadata isn't supported for directory buckets or table buckets. You can create
          metadata table configurations only for general purpose buckets.
S3 Metadata doesn't apply to any objects that already existed in your general purpose
          bucket before you created your metadata table configuration. In other words, S3 Metadata
          only captures metadata for change events (such as uploads, updates, and deletes) that
          happen after you have created your metadata table configuration.
S3 Metadata is designed to continuously append to the metadata table as you make
          changes to your general purpose bucket. Each update creates a snapshot—a new version of the metadata table. Because of the
          read-only nature of the metadata table, you can't delete records in the metadata table.
          You also can't use the snapshot expiration capability of S3 Tables to expire old snapshots
          of your metadata table. 
To help minimize your costs, you can periodically delete your metadata table
          configuration and your metadata tables, and then recreate them. For more information, see
            Deleting metadata table
        configurations and Deleting metadata tables.
When you're creating or updating table bucket or table policies, make sure that you
          don't restrict Amazon S3 from writing to your table bucket or your metadata table. If Amazon S3 is
          unable to write to your table bucket or your metadata table, you must create a new
          metadata table by deleting your metadata table configuration and your metadata table, and
          then creating a new configuration.
Before you can delete a metadata table, you must first delete the associated metadata
          table configuration on your general purpose bucket. 
You can create a metadata table configuration only for an entire general purpose
          bucket. You can't apply a metadata table configuration at the prefix level.
You can't pause and resume updates to a metadata table. Instead, you can stop a
          metadata table from updating by deleting its associated metadata table configuration. To
          start receiving updates again, you must create a new metadata table configuration, which
          creates a new metadata table.
Metadata tables don't contain all the same metadata as is available through S3
          Inventory or through the Amazon S3 REST API. For example, the following information isn't
          available in metadata tables: 
S3 Lifecycle expiration or transition status
Object Lock retention period or governance mode
Object access control list (ACL) information
Replication status
You can't adjust the partitioning or sorting for metadata tables. As a result, some
          queries might require table scans and therefore might be less efficient. 
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

