Title: Setting up Storage Browser for S3 - Amazon Simple Storage Service

To connect end users with Amazon S3 locations, you must first set up an authentication and
      authorization method. There are three methods to set up an authentication and authorization
      method with Storage Browser:
Method 1: Managing data access for your
          customers and third party partners
Method 2: Managing data access for your IAM
          principals for your AWS account
Method 3: Managing data access at
          scale
With this method, you can use AWS Amplify
          Auth to manage access control and security for files. This method is ideal when
        you want to connect your customers or third party partners with data in S3. With this
        option, your customers can authenticate using social or enterprise identity
        providers.
You provide IAM credentials to your end users and third party partners using AWS Amplify
        Auth with an S3 bucket that’s configured to use Amplify Storage. AWS Amplify Auth is built
        on Amazon Cognito, a fully
        managed customer identity and access management service where you can authenticate and
        authorize users from a built-in user directory or enterprise directory, or from consumer
        identity providers. The Amplify authorization model defines which prefixes the current
        authenticated user can access. For more information about how to set up authorization for
        AWS Amplify, see Set up
          storage.
To initialize the component with the Amplify authentication and storage methods, add the
        following code snippet to your web application:
If you want to manage access for your IAM principals or your AWS account directly,
        you can create an IAM role that has permissions to invoke the GetDataAccess S3 API operation. To set this up, you must create an
        S3 Access Grants instance to map out permissions for S3 buckets and prefixes to the specified IAM
        identities. The Storage Browser component will then invoke the ListCallerAccessGrants S3 API operation to fetch the available grants to the
        identity requester and populate the locations in the component. After you obtain the
          s3:GetDataAccess permission, those credentials are then used by the Storage
        Browser component to request data access to S3.
If you want to associate an S3 Access Grants instance to your IAM
        Identity Center for a more scalable solution (such as providing data access to your whole
        company), you can request data from Amazon S3 on behalf of the current authenticated user. For
        example, you can grant user groups in your corporate directory access to your data in S3.
        This approach allows you to centrally manage S3 Access Grants permissions for your users and groups,
        including the ones hosted on external providers such as Microsoft Entra, Okta, and
        others.
When using this method, the integration with the
          IAM Identity Center allows you to use existing user directories. Another benefit
        of an IAM Identity Center trusted identity propagation is that each AWS CloudTrail data event for Amazon S3 contains a direct reference to the end user identity
        that accessed the S3 data.
If you have an application that supports OAuth 2.0 and your users need access from these
        applications to AWS services, we recommend that you use trusted identity propagation. With
        trusted identity propagation, a user can sign in to an application, and that application can
        pass the user’s identity in any requests that access data in AWS services. This
        application interacts with IAM Identity Center on behalf of any authenticated users. For
        more information, see Using trusted identity propagation with customer managed applications.
To set up Storage Browser authentication in the AWS Management Console using S3 Access Grants
          and IAM Identity
            Center trusted identity propagation, your applications must request data from
          Amazon S3 on behalf of the current authenticated user. With this approach, you can give users
          or groups of users from your corporate directory direct access to your S3 buckets,
          prefixes, or objects. This means that your application won’t need to map any users to an
          IAM principal.
The following workflow outlines the steps for setting up Storage Browser for S3, using IAM
          Identity Center and S3 Access Grants:
The trusted token issuer represents your external identity provider (IdP)
                    within IAM Identity Center, enabling it to recognize identity tokens for your
                    application’s authenticated users.
This application interacts with IAM Identity Center on behalf of
                    authenticated users.
This step connects your application to S3 Access Grants, so that it can make requests
                    to S3 Access Grants on behalf of authenticated users.
This step syncs users from AWS Identity and Access Management Identity Center with the System for
                    Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM). SCIM keeps your IAM Identity Center
                    identities in sync with identities from your identity provider (IdP).
To enable IAM Identity Center for your AWS Organizations, perform the following steps:
Sign in to the AWS Management Console, using one of these methods:
New to AWS (root user)
                    – Sign in as the account owner by choosing Root user and
                  entering your AWS account email address. On the next page, enter your
                  password.
Already using AWS (IAM
                      credentials) – Sign in using your IAM
                  credentials with administrative permissions.
Open the IAM Identity
                Center console.
Under Enable IAM Identity Center, choose
                Enable.
IAM Identity Center requires the setup of AWS Organizations. If you haven't set up an
                organization, you can choose to have AWS create one for you. Choose
                  Create AWS organization to complete this process.
Choose Enable with AWS Organizations.
Choose Continue.
(Optional) Add any tags that you want to associate with this organization
              instance.
(Optional) Configure the delegated administration.
If you’re using a multi-account environment, we recommend that you configure
                delegated administration. With delegated administration, you can limit the number of
                people who require access to the management account in AWS Organizations. For more
                information, see Delegated
                  administration.
Choose Save.
AWS Organizations automatically sends a verification email to the address that is associated
          with your management account. There might be a delay before you receive the verification
          email. Make sure to verify your email address within 24 hours, before your verification
          email expires.
To use Storage Browser for S3 with corporate directory users, you must configure IAM
          Identity Center to use an external identity provider (IdP). You can use the preferred
          identity provider of your choice. However, be aware that each identity provider uses
          different configuration settings. For tutorials on using different external identity
          providers, see IAM Identity Center source
            tutorials.
Make sure to record the issuer URL and the audience attributes of the identity
            provider that you’ve configured because you will need to refer to it in later steps. If
            you don’t have the required access or permissions to configure an IdP, you might need to
            contact the administrator of the external IdP to obtain them. 
The trusted token issuer represents your external identity provider in the AWS Identity and Access Management
          Identity Center, and recognizes tokens for your application’s authenticated users. The
          account owner of the IAM Identity Center instance in your AWS Organizations must perform these
          steps. These steps can be done either in the IAM Identity Center console, or
          programmatically. 
To add a trusted token issuer in the AWS Identity and Access Management Identity Center console, perform the
          following steps:
Open the IAM Identity
                Center console.
Choose Settings.
Choose the Authentication tab.
Navigate to the Trusted token issuers section, and fill out
              the following details:
Under Issuer URL, enter the URL of the external IdP that
                  serves as the trusted token issuer. You might need to contact the administrator of
                  the external IdP to obtain this information. For more information, see Using applications with a trusted token issuer.
Under Trusted token issuer name, enter a name for the
                  trusted token issuer. This name will appear in the list of trusted token issuers
                  that you can select in Step 8, when an application resource is configured for
                  identity propagation.
Update your Map attributes to your preferred application
              attribute, where each identity provider attribute is mapped to an IAM Identity
              Center attribute. For example, you might want to map the
                application attribute
email to the IAM Identity Center user attribute email. To
              see the list of allowed user attributes in IAM Identity Center, see the table in
                Attribute mappings
                for AWS Managed Microsoft AD directory.
(Optional) If you want to add a resource tag, enter the key and value pair. To add
              multiple resource tags, choose Add new tag to generate a new
              entry and enter the key and value pairs.
Choose Create trusted token issuer.
After you finish creating the trusted token issuer, contact the application
              administrator to let them know the name of the trusted token issuer, so that they can
              confirm that the trusted token issuer is visible in the applicable console. 
Make sure the application administrator selects this trusted token issuer in the
              applicable console to enable user access to the application from applications that are
              configured for trusted identity propagation.
To ensure that the bootstrap application and identity bearer
          users can properly work with each other, make sure to create two IAM
            roles. One IAM role is required for the bootstrap application and
          the other IAM role must be used for the identity bearer, or end users who are accessing
          the web application that requests access through S3 Access Grants. The bootstrap
          application receives the token issued by the identity provider and invokes the
            CreateTokenWithIAM API, exchanging this token with the one
          issued by the Identity Center.
Create an IAM role, such as bootstrap-role, with permissions such as
          the following. The following example IAM policy gives permissions to the
            bootstrap-role to perform the token exchange:
Then, create a second IAM role (such as identity-bearer-role), which
          the identity broker uses to generate the IAM credentials. The IAM credentials returned
          from the identity broker to the web application are used by the Storage Browser for S3 component
          to allow access to S3 data:
This IAM role (identity-bearer-role) must use a trust policy with the
          following statement:
Before you begin, make sure that you’ve created the required IAM roles from the
            previous step. You’ll need to specify one of these IAM roles in this step.
To create and configure a customer managed application in AWS IAM Identity Center,
          perform the following steps:
Open the IAM Identity
                Center console.
Choose Applications.
Choose the Customer managed tab.
Choose Add application.
On the Select application type page, under Setup
                preference, choose I have an application I want to set
                up.
Under Application type, choose OAuth
              2.0.
Choose Next. The Specify application
              page is displayed.
Under the Application name and descriptionsection, enter a
                Display name for the application, such as
                storage-browser-oauth.
Enter a Description. The application description appears in
              the IAM Identity Center console and API requests, but not in the AWS access
              portal.
Under User and group assignment method, choose Do
                not require assignments. This option allows all authorized IAM Identity
              Center users and groups access to this application.
Under AWS access portal, enter an application URL where
              users can access the application.
(Optional) If you want to add a resource tag, enter the key and value pair. To add
              multiple resource tags, choose Add new tag to generate a new
              entry and enter the key and value pairs.
Choose Next. The Specify authentication
                page displays.
Under Authentication with trusted token issuer, use the
              checkbox to select the trusted token issuer that you previously created.
Under Configure selected trusted token issuers, enter the
                aud claim. The aud claim identifies the audience of
              the JSON Web Token (JWT), and it is the name by which the trusted token issuer
              identifies this application.
You might need to contact the administrator of the external IdP to obtain this
                information.
Choose Next. The Specify authentication
                credentials page displays.
Under Configuration method, choose Enter one or
                more IAM roles.
Under Enter IAM roles, add the IAM role or Amazon Resource Name
              (ARN) for the identity bearer token. You must enter the IAM role that you created from
              the previous step for the identity broker application (for example,
                bootstrap-role).
Choose Next.
On the Review and configure page, review the details of your
              application configuration. If you need to modify any of the settings, choose
                Edit for the section that you want to edit and make your
              changes to.
Choose Submit. The details page of the application that you
              just added is displayed.
After you’ve set up your applications, your users can access your applications from
          within their AWS access portal based on the permission sets that you’ve created and the user
            access that you’ve assigned.
After you set up your customer managed application, you must specify S3 Access Grants for
          identity propagation. S3 Access Grants vends credentials for users to access Amazon S3 data. When you sign in to your customer
          managed application, S3 Access Grants will pass your user identity to the trusted application.

Prerequisite: Make sure that you’ve set up S3 Access Grants (such
          as creating an S3 Access Grants
            instance and registering a
            location) before following these steps. For more information, see Getting started with S3 Access Grants.
To add S3 Access Grants for identity propagation to your customer managed application, perform
          the following steps:
Open the IAM Identity
                Center console.
Choose Applications.
Choose the Customer managed tab.
In the Customer managed applications list, select the OAuth
              2.0 application for which you want to initiate access requests. This is the
              application that your users will sign in to.
On the Details page, under Trusted applications for
                identity propagation, choose Specify trusted
                applications.
Under Setup type, select Individual applications and specify access, and then
              choose Next.
On the Select service page, choose
                S3 Access Grants. S3 Access Grants has applications that you can use to define your
              own web application for trusted identity propagation.
Choose Next. You'll select your applications in the next
              step.
On the Select applications page, choose Individual
                applications, select the checkbox for each application that can receive
              requests for access, and then choose Next.
On the Configure access page, under Configuration
                method, choose either of the following: 
Select access per application – Select
                  this option to configure different access levels for each application. Choose the
                  application for which you want to configure the access level, and then choose
                    Edit access. In Level of access to
                    apply, change the access levels as needed, and then choose
                    Save changes.
Apply same level of access to all
                      applications – Select this option if you don't
                  need to configure access levels on a per-application basis.
Choose Next.
On the Review configuration page, review the choices that you
              made. 
You’ll want to make sure the s3:access_grants:read_write permission
                is granted for your users. This permission allows your users to retrieve credentials
                to access Amazon S3. Make sure to use either the IAM policy you created previously, or
                S3 Access Grants, to limit access to write operations.
To make changes, choose Edit for the configuration section
              that you want to make changes to. Then, make the required changes and choose
                Save changes.
Choose Trust applications to add the trusted application for
              identity propagation.
In this step, you use IAM Identity Center to provision your users. You can use SCIM
          for automated or manual
            provisioning of users and groups. SCIM keeps your IAM Identity Center
          identities in sync with identities from your identity provider (IdP). This includes any
          provisioning, updates, and deprovisioning of users between your IdP and IAM Identity
          Center.
This step is required because when S3 Access Grants is used with IAM Identity Center, local
            IAM Identity Center users aren’t used. Instead, users must be synchronized from the
            identity provider with IAM Identity Center.
To synchronize users from your identity provider with IAM Identity Center, perform
          the following steps:
Enable automatic
                provisioning.
Generate an access token.
For examples of how to set up the identity provider with IAM Identity Center for
          your specific use case, see 
          IAM
            Identity Center Identity source tutorials.
After you’ve set up your IAM Identity Center instance and created grants in S3 Access Grants,
          open your React application. In the React application, use
            createManagedAuthAdapter to set up the authorization rules. You must
          provide a credentials provider to return the credentials you acquired from IAM Identity
          Center. You can then call createStorageBrowser to initialize the
          Storage Browser for S3 component:

Then, create a mechanism to exchange the JSON web tokens (JWTs) from your web
          application with the IAM credentials from IAM Identity Center. For more information
          about how to exchange the JWT, see the following resources:
How to develop a user-facing data application with IAM Identity Center and
                S3 Access Grants post in AWS Storage Blog
Scaling data access with S3 Access Grants post in AWS Storage
              Blog
S3 Access Grants workshop on AWS workshop studio
S3 Access Grants workshop on GitHub
Then, set up an API endpoint to handle requests for fetching credentials. To validate
          the JSON web token (JWT) exchange, perform the following steps:
Retrieve the JSON web token from the authorization header for incoming
              requests.
Validate the token using the public keys from the specified JSON web key set
              (JWKS) URL.
Verify the token's expiration, issuer, subject, and audience claims.
To exchange the identity provider’s JSON web token with AWS IAM credentials,
          perform the following steps: 
Make sure to avoid logging any sensitive information. We recommend that you use
            error handling controls for missing authorization, expired tokens, and other exceptions.
            For more information, see the Implementing AWS Lambda error handling patterns  post in AWS Compute
                Blog.
Verify that the required Permission and
                Scope parameters are provided in the request.
Use the CreateTokenWithIAM API to exchange the JSON web token for an IAM Identity
              Center token.
After the IdP JSON web token is used, it can’t be used again. A new token must
                be used to exchange with IAM Identity Center.
Use the AssumeRole API operation
              to assume a transient role using the IAM Identity Center token. Make sure to use the
              identity bearer role, also known as the role that carries the identity context (for
              example, identity-bearer-role) to request the
              credentials.
Return the IAM credentials to the web application.
Make sure that you’ve set up a proper logging mechanism. Responses are returned
                in a standardized JSON format with an appropriate HTTP status code.
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

