Title: Using Storage Browser for S3 - Amazon Simple Storage Service

In Storage Browser for S3, a location is an S3 bucket or prefix, that you
      grant end users access to using S3 Access Grants, IAM policies, or your
      own managed authorization service. After you've authorized your end users to access a specific
      location, they can work with any data within that location.
The Storage Browser for S3 user interface has four main views:
Home page: The home page lists the S3 locations that
          your users can access, as well as your permissions for each. This is the initial view for
          users that shows the root level S3 resources that your end users have access to and the
          permissions (READ/WRITE/READWRITE) for each S3 location. 
Location details: This view allows users to browse
          files and folders in S3, and upload or download files. (Note that in Storage Browser for S3,
            objects are known as files, and prefixes and
            buckets are known as folders.)
Location action: After a user chooses an action (such as
            Upload) in Storage Browser, it opens up another view of the
          file location.
Vertical ellipsis: The vertical ellipsis icon opens
          the drop-down list of actions.
When using Storage Browser for S3, be aware of the following limitations:
Folders starting or ending with dots (.) aren’t supported.
S3 Access Grants with WRITE only permission isn't supported.
Storage Browser for S3 supports the PUT operation for files up to 160 GB in
          size.
Storage Browser for S3 only supports the COPY operation for files smaller than 5 GB. If the file size
          exceeds 5 GB, Storage Browser fails the request.
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

