Title: Virtual hosting of buckets - Amazon Simple Storage Service

Virtual hosting is the practice of serving multiple websites from a single web server. One
		way to differentiate sites in your Amazon S3 REST API requests is by using the apparent hostname
		of the Request-URI instead of just the path name part of the URI. An ordinary Amazon S3 REST
		request specifies a bucket by using the first slash-delimited component of the Request-URI
		path. Instead, you can use Amazon S3 virtual hosting to address a bucket in a REST API call by
		using the HTTP Host header. In practice, Amazon S3 interprets Host as
		meaning that most buckets are automatically accessible for limited types of requests at
				https://bucket-name.s3.region-code.amazonaws.com.
		For a complete list of Amazon S3 Regions and endpoints, see Amazon S3 endpoints and quotas in the Amazon Web Services General Reference.
Virtual hosting also has other benefits. By naming your bucket after your registered
		domain name and by making that name a DNS alias for Amazon S3, you can completely customize the
		URL of your Amazon S3 resources, for example,
				http://my.bucket-name.com/. You can
		also publish to the "root directory" of your bucket's virtual server. This ability can be
		important because many existing applications search for files in this standard location. For
		example, favicon.ico, robots.txt, and
			crossdomain.xml are all expected to be found at the root. 
When you're using virtual-hosted–style buckets with SSL, the SSL wildcard certificate
			matches only buckets that do not contain dots (.). To work around this
			limitation, use HTTP or write your own certificate-verification logic. For more
			information, see Amazon S3 Path
				Deprecation Plan on the AWS News
			Blog.
Currently, Amazon S3 supports both virtual-hosted–style and path-style URL access in all AWS Regions. However, path-style 
  URLs will be discontinued in the future. For more information, see the following Important note.
In Amazon S3, path-style URLs use the following format:
For example, if you create a bucket named amzn-s3-demo-bucket1 in the US West (Oregon) Region,
				and you want to access the puppy.jpg object in that bucket, you can use the
				following path-style URL:
Update (September 23, 2020) – To make sure that customers have the time that they need to transition to virtual-hosted–style URLs, 
we have decided to delay the deprecation of path-style URLs. For more information, 
see Amazon S3 Path Deprecation Plan – The Rest of the Story in the AWS News Blog.
When hosting website content that will be accessed from a web browser, avoid using
				path-style URLs, which might interfere with the browser same origin security model.
				To host website content, we recommend that you use either S3 website endpoints or a
				CloudFront distribution. For more information, see Website endpoints and  Deploy a React-based single-page application to Amazon S3 and CloudFront in the
					AWS Perspective Guidance Patterns.
In a virtual-hosted–style URI, the bucket name is part of the domain name in the
			URL.
Amazon S3 virtual-hosted–style URLs use the following format:
In this example, amzn-s3-demo-bucket1 is the bucket name, US West (Oregon) is the Region, and puppy.png is the key name:
As long as your GET request does not use the SSL endpoint, you can
			specify the bucket for the request by using the HTTP Host header. The
				Host header in a REST request is interpreted as follows: 
If the Host header is omitted or its value is
							s3.region-code.amazonaws.com, the
					bucket for the request will be the first slash-delimited component of the
					Request-URI, and the key for the request will be the rest of the Request-URI.
					This is the ordinary method, as illustrated by the first and second examples in
					this section. Omitting the Host header is valid only for HTTP 1.0
					requests. 
Otherwise, if the value of the Host header ends in
							.s3.region-code.amazonaws.com,
					the bucket name is the leading component of the Host header's value
					up to .s3.region-code.amazonaws.com. The
					key for the request is the Request-URI. This interpretation exposes buckets as
					subdomains of
						.s3.region-code.amazonaws.com, as
					illustrated by the third and fourth examples in this section. 
Otherwise, the bucket for the request is the lowercase value of the
						Host header, and the key for the request is the Request-URI.
					This interpretation is useful when you have registered the same DNS name as your
					bucket name and have configured that name to be a canonical name (CNAME) alias
					for Amazon S3. The procedure for registering domain names and configuring CNAME DNS
					records is beyond the scope of this guide, but the result is illustrated by the
					final example in this section.
This section provides example URLs and requests.
This example uses the following:
Bucket Name ‐ example.com
Region ‐ US East (N. Virginia) 
Key Name ‐ homepage.html
The URL is as follows:
The request is as follows:
The request with HTTP 1.0 and omitting the Host header is as
				follows:
For information about DNS-compatible names, see Limitations. For more information about
			keys, see Keys.
This example uses the following:
Bucket name ‐
							amzn-s3-demo-bucket1

Region ‐ Europe (Ireland) 
Key name ‐
							homepage.html
The URL is as follows:
The request is as follows:
To use this method, you must configure your DNS name as a CNAME alias for
						bucket-name.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.
				For more information, see Customizing Amazon S3 URLs with CNAME
				records. 
This example uses the following:
Bucket Name ‐ example.com

Key name ‐
							homepage.html
The URL is as follows:
The example is as follows:
Depending on your needs, you might not want
					s3.region-code.amazonaws.com to appear on
			your website or service. For example, if you're hosting website images on Amazon S3, you
			might prefer http://images.example.com/ instead of
				http://images.example.com.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/. Any bucket
			with a DNS-compatible name can be referenced as follows: 
					http://BucketName.s3.Region.amazonaws.com/[Filename],
			for example,
				http://images.example.com.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/mydog.jpg.
			By using CNAME, you can map images.example.com to an Amazon S3
			hostname so that the previous URL could become
				http://images.example.com/mydog.jpg. 
Your bucket name must be the same as the CNAME. For example, if you create a CNAME to
			map images.example.com to
				images.example.com.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com, both
				http://images.example.com/filename and
				http://images.example.com.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/filename
			will be the same.
The CNAME DNS record should alias your domain name to the appropriate virtual
			hosted–style hostname. For example, if your bucket name and domain name are
				images.example.com and your bucket is in the
			US East (N. Virginia) Region, the CNAME record should alias to
				images.example.com.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com. 
Amazon S3 uses the hostname to determine the bucket name. So the CNAME and the bucket name
			must be the same. For example, suppose that you have configured
				www.example.com as a CNAME for
				www.example.com.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com. When you access
				http://www.example.com, Amazon S3 receives a request similar to
			the following:
Amazon S3 sees only the original hostname www.example.com and is
			unaware of the CNAME mapping used to resolve the request. 
You can use any Amazon S3 endpoint in a CNAME alias. For example,
				s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com can be used in CNAME aliases.
			For more information about endpoints, see Request
				Endpoints in the Amazon S3 API Reference. To create a static website by using a custom domain, see Tutorial: Configuring a static website using a
			custom domain registered with Route 53.
When using custom URLs with CNAMEs, you will need to ensure a matching bucket
				exists for any CNAME or alias record you configure. For example, if you create DNS
				entries for www.example.com and
					login.example.com to publish web content using S3, you
				will need to create both buckets www.example.com and
					login.example.com.
When a CNAME or alias records is configured pointing to an S3 endpoint without a
				matching bucket, any AWS user can create that bucket and publish content under the
				configured alias, even if ownership is not the same.
For the same reason, we recommend that you change or remove the corresponding
				CNAME or alias when deleting a bucket.
Select a hostname that belongs to a domain that you control. 
This example uses the images subdomain of the
						example.com domain.
Create a bucket that matches the hostname. 
In this example, the host and bucket names are
						images.example.com. The bucket name must exactly match the hostname. 
Create a CNAME DNS record that defines the hostname as an alias for the Amazon S3
					bucket. 
For example:
images.example.com CNAME
						images.example.com.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com
For request-routing reasons, the CNAME DNS record must be defined exactly
						as shown in the preceding example. Otherwise, it might appear to operate
						correctly, but it will eventually result in unpredictable behavior.
The procedure for configuring CNAME DNS records depends on your DNS server or
					DNS provider. For specific information, see your server documentation or contact
					your provider.

        SOAP support over HTTP is deprecated, but SOAP is still available over HTTPS. 
        New Amazon S3 features are not supported for SOAP. Instead of using SOAP, we recommend that you use 
        either the REST API or the AWS SDKs.
    
The following sections cover various aspects of Amazon S3 backward compatibility that
			relate to path-style and virtual-hosted–style URL requests.
Some Regions support legacy endpoints. You might see these endpoints in your
				server access logs or AWS CloudTrail logs. For more information, review the following
				information. For a complete list of Amazon S3 Regions and endpoints, see Amazon S3 endpoints and quotas in the Amazon Web Services General Reference.
Although you might see legacy endpoints in your logs, we recommend that you
					always use the standard endpoint syntax to access your buckets. 
Amazon S3 virtual-hosted–style URLs use the following format:
In Amazon S3, path-style URLs use the following format:
Some older Amazon S3 Regions support endpoints that contain a dash (-)
					between s3 and the Region code (for example,
						s3‐us-west-2), instead of a dot (for example,
						s3.us-west-2). If your bucket is in one of these Regions, you
					might see the following endpoint format in your server access logs or CloudTrail
					logs:
In this example, the bucket name is amzn-s3-demo-bucket1 and the
					Region is US West (Oregon):
For some Regions, you can use the legacy global endpoint to construct requests
					that do not specify a Region-specific endpoint. The legacy global endpoint point
					is as follows:
In your server access logs or CloudTrail logs, you might see requests that use the
					legacy global endpoint. In this example, the bucket name is
						amzn-s3-demo-bucket1 and the legacy global
					endpoint is: 
Requests made with the legacy global endpoint go to the US East (N. Virginia)
						Region by default. Therefore, the legacy global endpoint is sometimes used
						in place of the Regional endpoint for US East (N. Virginia). If you create a
						bucket in US East (N. Virginia) and use the global endpoint, Amazon S3 routes your
						request to this Region by default. 
The legacy global endpoint is also used for virtual-hosted–style
						requests in other supported Regions. If you create a bucket in a Region that
						was launched before March 20, 2019, and use the legacy global endpoint, Amazon S3
						updates the DNS record to reroute the request to the correct location, which
						might take time. In the meantime, the default rule applies, and your
						virtual-hosted–style request goes to the US East (N. Virginia) Region.
						Amazon S3 then redirects it with an HTTP 307 Temporary Redirect to the correct
						Region. 
For S3 buckets in Regions launched after March 20, 2019, the DNS server
					doesn't route your request directly to the AWS Region where your bucket
					resides. It returns an HTTP 400 Bad Request error instead. For more information,
					see Making requests  in the Amazon S3 API
					Reference.
For the US East (N. Virginia) Region, you can use the legacy global endpoint
						for path-style requests. 
For all other Regions, the path-style syntax requires that you use the
					Region-specific endpoint when attempting to access a bucket. If you try to
					access a bucket with the legacy global endpoint or another endpoint that is
					different than the one for the Region where the bucket resides, you receive an
					HTTP response code 307 Temporary Redirect error and a message that indicates the
					correct URI for your resource. For example, if you use
							https://s3.amazonaws.com/bucket-name
					for a bucket that was created in the US West (Oregon) Region, you will receive
					an HTTP 307 Temporary Redirect error.
 Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Thanks for letting us know we're doing a good job!
If you've got a moment, please tell us what we did right so we can do more of it.

Thanks for letting us know this page needs work. We're sorry we let you down.
If you've got a moment, please tell us how we can make the documentation better.

